In the year of 0x9C8 the great war between the leaders of the earth has raged for centuries. 
The horrible tyrants Adolf Pixler, Benito Pixelini and Kim Jonp-ixel had sacrificed Peta-bytes of innocent pixels in their fight for world domination.

The only hope left for pixel-kind was the brave soldiers of the United Pixels. They put all their resources towards the great quantum eraser project.
The United Pixels gathered all the greatest quantum physicist to create the ultimate weapon. The idea was to create the most dangerous stealth warriors the world had ever seen. But something went wrong.

In the process of creating the ultimate camouflage the test subjects were also quantum entangled and all research was destroyed. 
Only the two brave soldiers who had volunteered for the experiment survived the sub-pixel quantified forces set free. 
Despite the mishap the United Pixels decided to send out these soldiers to eliminate the enemies of peace and erase all evil from the world.

LVL1
Listen up soldiers! 
This is a first training course to fine tune your abilities. 
Remember that you are hidden from the cameras when you have the same color as the background.
Get out there and erase that target!

LVL2
You quantum boys need to work together to solve this one.
Use buttons to turn on and off cameras and open doors. 

LVL3
Alright! Time for you two to get your hands dirty.
Kim Jonp-ixel's best scientist is rumored to be working on a horrible weapon.
We need to stop this weapon from ever being completed.
You have to break into his lab and erase that evil man from existence, but be careful, there are plenty of security systems around.

LVL4
We've almost managed to fight back Adolf Pixler's troops on the western front, but the battle has reached a stalemate.
You two have to assassinate their general, that should lower their morale and allow us to push through for victory. 
He has locked himself into a bunker, so you need to outsmart his security system to get in there.

LVL 5
Benito Mussolini has mobilized his troops at the border, making it impossible to pass for all the civilians escaping the war. 
You need to sneak past these guards to take out their squad leader and make the border crossing safe again. 
You are good at hiding, but remember that you can't simply run into the guards, even if you're camouflaged.

LVL 6 
It's time to get rid of the masters pulling the strings on this horrible war. 
Your first target is Benito Pixelini. He doesn't trust guards, so he has hidden away in a bunker equipped with a new high-tech security system.
This will be your first real challenge. Good luck soldiers!

LVL 7
With Pixelini gone the other parts in this conflict are stepping up their offensives. 
Your next target will be Kim Jonp-ixel. He never leaves his mansion and is always guarded by his top soldiers.
To get through all of this you need to work together and use all of your expertise. 

LVL 8
We are so close to out goal of world domination, ehhm, ehm... I mean peace. 
Your last target is the most ruthless of them all, Adolf Pixler. 
There are rumors that there have been double agents in our organization, so don't be surprised if Pixler's guards are already looking for you when you arrive.
